submission.md, before:

---
title: Submission
layout: home
nav_order: 5
---

# Submission Process

Participants are required to Dockerize their trained network/algorithm/method and submit them via a file-sharing link (e.g., OneDrive, Dropbox) to the organizers via email at [`qi.li.21@ucl.ac.uk`](mailto:qi.li.21@ucl.ac.uk).

The e-mail submission must include:

- Team name;
- Full name(s) of all team members;
- Team affiliation and country (e.g. University College London, United Kingdom);
- Brief description of method (100 characters maximum);
- File-sharing link to Dockerized algorithm;
- Whether any additional data was used.


Receipt of all submissions will be acknowledged via email within two working days of receipt, and evaluations will be posted on the leaderboard once completed.

The evaluation code, together with the baseline models, will be publicly available once this section on our website is open to public.

Participating teams are encouraged, though not obligated, to share their code publicly. Links to any available source code will be provided.

Commit message:

update data link and form info

submission.md, after:

---
title: Submission
layout: home
nav_order: 6
---

# Submission Process

Participants are required to Dockerize their trained network/algorithm/method and submit them via a file-sharing link (e.g., OneDrive, Dropbox) to the organizers via this [form](https://forms.office.com/e/QChhNkLYiu).

Please contact [`qi.li.21@ucl.ac.uk`](mailto:qi.li.21@ucl.ac.uk) if you encounter any problem during submission.


<!-- email at [`qi.li.21@ucl.ac.uk`](mailto:qi.li.21@ucl.ac.uk). -->

<!-- The e-mail submission must include:

- Team name;
- Full name(s) of all team members;
- Email address(es) of all team members;
- Team affiliation and country (e.g. University College London, United Kingdom);
- Brief description of method (100 characters maximum);
- File-sharing link to Dockerized algorithm;
- Whether any additional data was used. -->


Receipt of all submissions will be acknowledged via email within two working days of receipt, and evaluations will be posted on the leaderboard once completed.

The evaluation code, together with the baseline models, will be publicly available once this section on our website is open to public. Participating teams are encouraged, though not obligated, to share their code publicly. Links to any available source code will be provided.
